offscreen buffer size still wrong in cluster mode?
make planets work
finish overlay

Planet performance is abysmal in info and play mode?

branch tellurion
smooth buddha
MTL fallback

Fix play mode leak.
Sync on load
Find state loss in GUI
Make it possible to deselect/delete/clone/invert using the GUI.

Add cubemap size conf for d-omega and sh-basis
    maybe assume d-omege size is sh-basis size initialized with reflection size
    spherical_harmonic_order
    spherical_harmonic_cubemap_size

Normal map mipmap generation should NOT box-filter.
Gsync?
Excise frame::bind(proj) and frame::draw(int, int)

Document all engine features, with paper references, as necessary.
    pssm
    diffuse irradiance environment map [Hanrahan][King]
    hdr [DebevecSG98][Reinhard?]

Cube map convolution!
    diffuse irradiance environment maps
    specular irradiance environment maps
    do it in float16 to allow for preetham skies and hdr
    mipmap level determines specular exponent (or something?)
    ATI's edge fixup:
        Set the edges equal, giving offset. Herp nearby pixels toward offset.

Make joints clickable and visible through geometry
Make F10 reload work again.  Check for leaks.  Ensure all GL state is reloadable without disturbing application state.  Use this to find a way to switch displays on the fly.
   Hard vs Sorf
       Hard is a close/start
       Soft is a glob::fini/init
Performance measures (don't depend on NVperf)
Create a Standard Benchmark
The images in the doc might be best dithered down to 8 bit PNGs.  JPGs just look like hell.
Figure out some nice way of changing resolution/mode
benchmark and optimize the OBJ loader
JPG texture support
modularize the basic shader
    shadow options (map count, pcf)
document conf settings
document material system
test GL fallbacks
Sky illumination
The entire attract mode needs to be scrapped and replaced
Give some indication that a long load is occurring

grep '.hpp' *.hpp 

When seeking the near plane it, distance's important to consider only objects which are in view.  It's not only a question of "how far in front of this plane is this box" but "how far in front of this plane is the portion of the box in front of all these other planes too?" This is a very challenging problem.

Backface culling should be a material (binding) option

move rect into gui?

Get rid of main.hpp entirely
    encapsulate that state

do the TODOs and the HACKs

Refactor app::prog->next()/prev()
    move all attr_* to app::user?

Modernize the GL
    OpenGL ES 2.0 compatibility
    Eliminate immedate mode stuff
        most everything can be moved into the pool handler
    Eliminate fixed function stuff
    Eliminate the attribute stack usage
    Is glUniform slow?

Check all Kizhi textures to ensure that opaque are RGB and masked are RGBA.
pngcrush them

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

convert geomip upload to PBO

Consider rechecking the tracker after the draw but before the combine.
    Perhaps do the combine in response to the flip message.
    And include a sensor update there.

is the primary depth buffer necessary?

Fix cracking between cached pages.
Fix cracking between spatches.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If the range extrema of each heightmap is stored as metadata then an extremely tight tile visibility becomes possible.  Patch visibility with no round trip may follow from this.

There's no need to respect the jiffy in edit mode.
    To ignore it would improve performance on huge scenes nicely.
Don't free-run in edit mode.

Clone light should clone the shadow and lightmap references.
Convert light and camera entity draw to use OBJ
Reduce the number of string passes by value in the gui module.

Control panes on function keys?
    F5 info about
    F6 info world
    F7 info solid
    F8 info joint

Add entity scaling.
    Uniform only?
        + would preserve sphereness of spheres
        + would ensure texture uniformity
        - would force a variety of sized OBJs
Add new ODE geoms.
    Cylinder
    Capsule
    Heightfield
    Plane
    Convex?
    Ray?
Add DDS support
    Cube map load
    DXT load
    Mipmap load

Water.
    Bouyancy force.
    Optional GPU ripple integrator.
    Changable water depth?
Skeletal animation.
Documentation.
Rubber-band select.
Object-inside-object select?
Intro text / flowing widget.
World parameters
Selection registers.
Center contraint on a group.
Partial run.
Refresh button on finder.
    Make Up button nicer.
    Icon view.
Conveyer solid property.
Static / package data archives with Z compression.
Figure out why repeated runs differ.
    Body order?

OBJ support:
    map wrapping
    map scale and translate

